Update K8up Documentation (#205)
vshn/k8up: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/schedules.adoc

= How to Create a Schedule

The `Schedule` object defines the frequency, destination and secrets required to run K8up jobs in your namespace:

[source,yaml]
----
include::example$schedule.yaml[]
----

Save the YAML above in a file named `schedule.yaml` and use the `kubectl apply -f schedule.yaml` command to deploy this configuration to your cluster.

> The file above will instruct the Operator to do backups every 5 minutes and a monthly prune, and check jobs for repository maintenance. It will also archive the latest snapshots to the `archive` bucket once each week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file above will instruct the Operator to do backups every 5 minute, prune them monthly and run check jobs for repository maintenance. It will also archive the latest snapshots to the `archive` bucket once each week.
```

> Feel free to adjust the frequencies to your liking. To help you with the crontab syntax, we recommend to check https://crontab.guru[crontab.guru].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to adjust the frequencies to your liking. To help you with the crontab syntax, we recommend to check out https://crontab.guru[crontab.guru].
```

> TIP: You can always check the state and configuration of your backup by using `kubectl describe schedule`. By default all PVCs are stored in backup. By adding the annotation `k8up.syn.tools/backup=false` to a PVC object it will get excluded from backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: You can always check the state and configuration of your backup by using `kubectl describe schedule`. By default, all PVCs are backed up automatically. Adding the annotation `k8up.syn.tools/backup=false` to a PVC object will excluded it from all following backup.
```
